DOC: Changelog doc for composer allow-plugins option (#10288)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/4.11.0.md

SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree:
  show_meta_generator_version: false
```

> ### Allow-plugins configuration option in Composer versions 2.2.0 and up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Allow-plugins configuration option in Composer versions 2.2.0 and up {#composer}
```
Sorry, didn't notice this the first time around. This is needed so that the link above anchors to this heading correctly.

> - As of Composer 2.2.0, the [allow-plugins](https://getcomposer.org/doc/06-config.md#allow-plugins) option adds a layer of security. Now, developer will be prompted to allow plugins when running `composer install` for the first time on existing projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of Composer 2.2.0, the [allow-plugins](https://getcomposer.org/doc/06-config.md#allow-plugins) option adds a layer of security. Developers will be prompted to allow plugins when running `composer install` for the first time on existing projects, or for any new projects not using `silverstripe/installer` or `silverstripe/recipe-kitchen-sink`.
```

- The plugins needed for all silverstripe projects are:
    `composer/installers`
    `silverstripe/recipe-plugin`
    `silverstripe/vendor-plugin`

> New installations using `silverstripe/silverstripe-installer` and `silverstripe/recipe-kitchen-sink` from 4.11 onwards will have this added by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New installations using `silverstripe/silverstripe-installer` and `silverstripe/recipe-kitchen-sink` from 4.11 onwards will have the above plugins added to the `allowed-plugins` configuration by default.
```

> - From July 2022 developer should define allowed plugins manually, otherwaise Composer won't load plugins unless they will be allowed. This won't affect new installs using one of the above plugins but will affect existing projects or projects that don't use the installer or kitchen-sink recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From July 2022 composer will no longer prompt to allow plugins when running `composer install`. This won't affect new installs using silverstripe/installer or silverstripe-recipe-kitchen-sink, but will affect other new projects, and existing projects where `allowed-plugins` hasn't yet been defined. In those cases developers will need to declare the allowed plugins manually in the project's `composer.json` file.
```
